Feyrrhard nost Trinity.
the chaos.
dearest creature in creation, studying English pronunciation.
I will teach you in my verse sounds like corpse, corp horse, and worse.
It will keep you suzy busy. Make your head with heat, grow dizzy, tear, and I your dress you'll tear, so shall I/O hear my prayer, pray console your loving poet, make my coat look new, dear, so it just compare Heartbeard, and herd dies, and diet, lord and word, sword and sword retain, and Britain mind the letter. How it's written made has not the sound of bad say, said, pay, paid, laid, but pled.
Now I surely will not plague you with such words as vague and aid you, but be careful how you speak, say, break, stake, but bleak and streak previous precious fuchsia via pipe, snipe, recipe and choir, cloven oven. How, and low script, receipt, shoe, poem, toe.
hear me say, devoid of trickery, daughter, laughter, and terpsiccory, typhoid measles, topsils, isles, exiles, similes, reviles, holy holly, signal, signing Thames, examining, combining scholar, vicar, and cigar, solar mica, war, and far from desire, desirable, admirable.
David Lovell: Admire plumber beer, but briar, Chatham Bruham, renowned but known, knowledge done but gone, and tone, one anemone, Balmoral kitchen, lichen, laundry, laurel, Gertrude German wind and mind. Scene, Melpomene, mankind, tortoise, turquoise, chamois, leather, reading, redding, heathen heather.
David Lovell: This phonetic labyrinth gives moss, gross brook brooch 9th plinth
David Lovell: billet, does not end like ballet, bouquet, wallet, mallet, chalet, blood and flood are not like food, nor is mould like should and would. Banquet is not nearly paque, which is said to rhyme with Daque, viscous viscount, load and broad board to forward to
David Lovell: reward and your pronunciations. Okay, when you say correctly, croquet rounded, wounded grieve and sieve, friend and fiend alive and live. Liberty, library, heave, and heaven, Rachel ache moustache 11,
David Lovell: we say, hallowed, but allowed people leopard toad, but vowed mark the difference, moreover, between mover, plover, Dover, leeches, britches, wise, precise chalice, but police and lice, camel, constable, unstable, principal disciple, label, petal, penal and canal, wait, surmise, platt, promise pell
David Lovell: suit, sweet ruin, circuit, condit rhyme with circuit, and beyond it. But it is not hard to tell why. It's Paul Mole. But PAL mel muscle, muscular jail, iron, timber, climber, bullion, line, worm and storm, chaise, chaos, chair, senator, spectator, mayor, ivy, privy, famous clamour and enamor, rhyme with hammer pussy hussy and possess
David Lovell: desert but desert address, goph, wolf, countenance. Lieutenants hoist in lieu of flags, left Penance river, rival tomb, bomb, comb, doll, and roll and summoned home.
David Lovell: Stranger does not rhyme with anger, neither does devour with clangor, soul, but foul and gaunt. But aren't font front won't want grand, and grant shoes goes doze. No, you're wrong. This is the plural of DOE. Now 1st say finger and then singer, ginger, linger, real zeal, move gauze, and gauge marriage foliage, mirage, age.
David Lovell: query does not rhyme with very, nor does fury sound like berry dust, lost post and duff cloth loath Job Job blossom, bosom oath.
David Lovell: though the difference seems little, we say actual, but fiddle, seat, sweat, chaste, cast. Lee ate height.
David Lovell: put, not granted, but unite.
David Lovell: Reefer does not rhyme with defer. Pfeffer does, and zephyr heifer dull bull, Jeffrey, George et late Hint Pint Senate, but sedate scenic, Arabic, Pacific science, conscience, scientific tour, but hour and sucker for gas. Alas and Arkansas
David Lovell: see idea, guinea area, Psalm Maria. But malaria, youth, South Southern cleanse and clean doctrine, turpentine, marine.
David Lovell: Compare alien with Italian than the lion with battalion sally with a lie ye i IA way key key.
David Lovell: say ever, but ever fever, neither leisure, skein receiver, never guess. It is not safe, we say cars, valves half, but rave
David Lovell: heron, granary, canary, crevice, and device and airy face, but preface, but efface, phlegm, phlegmatic ass, glass base.
David Lovell: large but target gin give verging ought out juiced and scour, but scourging ear, but earn and wear and tear do not rhyme with hear, but air
David Lovell: 7 is right, but so is even hyphen ruffin, nephew, Stephen, monkey, donkey, clark and jerk, asp, grasp, wasp and cork and work
David Lovell: pronunciation. Think of Psyche is a paling stout and spiky. Won't it make you lose your wits writing groats and saying Grits.
David Lovell: It's a dark abyss or tunnel strewn with stones like Rollach, Gunnel, Islington and Isle of Wight has verdict and indict. Don't you think so, reader? Rather saying, leather bather, father?
David Lovell: Finally, which rhymes with enough.
David Lovell: though through plow, cough, hock, or tuff
David Lovell: pickup, as the sound of cup.
David Lovell: My advice is.
David Lovell: give it up.